Introduction: The Obsidian workflow starts with a local source file and a clear conversion goal.
Introduction: The privacy model keeps the sample PDF and sample transcript on the user's computer.
Key concept: Markdown conversion creates editable notes, stable headings, and reusable wiki links.
Key concept: The PDF conversion pipeline extracts text, tables, links, and meaningful WebP assets.
Example: For example, a simple table becomes a Markdown table in the converted note.
Example: For example, a complex diagram remains a WebP asset so information is not lost.
Practice: First choose sample_course.pdf, then run the Markdown and image conversion output.
Practice: Next choose sample_lecture.vtt, then run the lecture transcript study note output.
Summary: The review step checks headings, assets, table output, and the conversion report.